c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\BornToCodeTests.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\BornToCodeTests.pdb
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\obj\Debug\BornToCodeTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\obj\Debug\BornToCodeTests.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\obj\Debug\BornToCodeTests.pdb
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\BornToCodeTests.dll.config
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\BornToCode.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\BornToCode.pdb
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.OData.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.OData.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\spirica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BornToCode\BornToCodeTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
